

Map based on Longitude (generated) and Latitude (generated) and Latitude (generated).  Details are shown for State Name.  For pane Latitude (generated):  Color shows % of Total Total Enrollment.  For pane Latitude (generated) (2):  Size shows % of Total Stem Percent. The data is filtered on Action (State Abbr) and Type. The Action (State Abbr) filter keeps 48 members. The Type filter keeps Private and Public. The view is filtered on State Name, which keeps 48 of 50 members.




Map based on Longitude (generated) and Latitude (generated) and Latitude (generated).  Details are shown for State Abbr.  For pane Latitude (generated):  Color shows % of Total Early Career Pay.  For pane Latitude (generated) (2):  Size shows % of Total Make World Better Percent. The data is filtered on Action (State Name), Action (Type), Type and State Name. The Action (State Name) filter keeps 48 members. The Action (Type) filter keeps 2 members. The Type filter keeps Private and Public. The State Name filter keeps 48 of 50 members.

.



Average of Number of Records and average of Number of Records.  For pane Average of Number of Records:  Color shows details about Type.  The marks are labeled by Type and % of Total Enrollment.  For pane Average of Number of Records (2):  The marks are labeled by Running Sum of Enrollment. The data is filtered on Action (State Name), Action (State Abbr) and State Name. The Action (State Name) filter keeps 48 members. The Action (State Abbr) filter keeps 48 members. The State Name filter keeps 48 of 50 members. The view is filtered on Type, which keeps Private and Public.



In state and out of state tuition fees:

Average of In State Total, sum of Zero axis and average of Out Of State Total for each State (Diversity School.Csv).  For pane Average of In State Total:  Color shows average of In State Total.  For pane Average of Out Of State Total:  Color shows average of Out Of State Total. The data is filtered on Action (State Name), Action (State Abbr), Action (Type), Type and State Name. The Action (State Name) filter keeps 48 members. The Action (State Abbr) filter keeps 48 members. The Action (Type) filter keeps 2 members. The Type filter keeps Private and Public. The State Name filter keeps 48 of 50 members. The view is filtered on State, which excludes Alaska and Hawaii.


The trends of sum of Tuition Cost and sum of Tuition Cost for Type.  For pane Sum of Tuition Cost (2):  Color shows details about Year Year. The data is filtered on Type (tuition_cost+), which keeps Private and Public. The view is filtered on Year Year, which keeps 2002 and 2016.